a homecoming of a different kind no
reunions only a final
farewell at the same time as prisoner
swaps and a ceasefire in Gaza Israel
continues to demonstrate a disregard for
Palestinian
life Muhammad just 16 a 10th grader shot
while riding his motorcycle his family
says there were skirmishes at a nearby
illegal settlement but he did not have
to die Witnesses say he bled out because
Israeli soldiers blocked an ambulance
from helping
[Music]
him he was the eldest my rock I felt as
if he was bidding farewell yesterday he
followed me from one room to the next he
said he wanted to have breakfast
together he saw all his friends as if he
was saying
goodbye
in Janine another mother the same Agony
of outliving your own child her
18-year-old son Mahmud was smoking by
his bedroom window during a raid in the
refugee camp where he lived gunfire
followed by soldiers breaking into their
home she says she held a towel to her
son's chest Israeli soldiers looking on
Medics were downstairs but blocked from
attending to
him
I saw him standing there but he was
unsteady I helped him to sit on the
floor his brother was screaming he's
been shot the soldiers entered in a very
brutal way screaming and cursing at my
girls they pushed them outside and told
me to leave my son I said I won't and
demanded an
ambulance eventually moved to an
ambulance but only allowed to leave
after he was already dead a medic who
was at the scene said they could have
saved him if they'd been allowed to to
get to him in
time on the third day of the ceasefire
some search lists of names of people
coming home others bury their dead
Israel continues its attacks on the
occupied West Bank unchecked two
separate raids in two separate locations
but very similar circumstances Israeli
soldiers using deadly force in civilian
areas then preventing First Responders
from providing life-saving
care preventable deaths made certain a
pattern Palestinians say of malicious
intent Zay basravi Al jazer ramala in
the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer